ASSIGNMENT.md, before:

# Module Documentation

The below questions should be answered (in detail!) regarding your submission.

##### 1. Reflect on how you "learned" to use the library and write the examples, c.f the "Unfamiliar APIs" reading. What is one aspect of the module's code that made is easy to understand? What is one change that would have made it easier?
> Answer goes here!


##### 2. Consider the process of writing comments that "raise the level of abstraction." What does this mean to you? If you had to explain to a new CS142 student how to write an effective comment, what would you say? #####
> Answer goes here!


##### 3. Approximately how many hours did it take you to complete this assignment? #####
> Answer goes here!


##### 4. Did you receive help from any other sources (classmates, etc)? If so, please list who (be specific!). #####
> Answer goes here!


##### 5. Did you encounter any problems in this assignment we should warn students about in the future? How can we make the assignment better? #####
> Answer goes here!

Commit message:

Add ASSIGNMENT.md, comments index.js, Add confirm and get examples

ASSIGNMENT.md, after:

# Module Documentation

The below questions should be answered (in detail!) regarding your submission.

##### 1. Reflect on how you "learned" to use the library and write the examples, c.f the "Unfamiliar APIs" reading. What is one aspect of the module's code that made is easy to understand? 
#####    What is one change that would have made it easier?
I learned to use the library by reading the README.md provided by the author thoroughly. This helped me understand the features that are present in the library. Then I moved on to look at the source code to understand the structure of the library. I tried to identify the features mentioned in the README throughout the source code. This gave me a better understanding of how things work, but I did not fully understand it yet. The 'reply' package came with example code. I looked over the examples given and it gave me a better understanding of how the libray worked. I was able to identify which features were being utilized in each example. I ran the example code in node, which solidified my understanding of the library. One aspect of the module's code that made it easy to understand was the function names. Each name provided a good description of what each function offered for the overall library. One change that would have made it easier to learn would be the structuring of the get function. There are a lot of functions in get that are coupled with each other, so it was hard understanding how the web of functions worked together to create functionality.


##### 2. Consider the process of writing comments that "raise the level of abstraction." What does this mean to you? If you had to explain to a new CS142 student how to write an effective comment, what would you say? #####
Comments should tell what the function does for the user, not how it will do it. It can be in the form of "in" and "out". What the function will take in as parameter and what it will return or put out for the user.


##### 3. Approximately how many hours did it take you to complete this assignment? #####
8 hours


##### 4. Did you receive help from any other sources (classmates, etc)? If so, please list who (be specific!). #####
No.


##### 5. Did you encounter any problems in this assignment we should warn students about in the future? How can we make the assignment better? #####
No.
